{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f177\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 CG Times (W1);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb962\sa1682 \b\f5\fs48\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext2 heading 1;}{\s2\sb362\sa43\keepn 
\b\f5\fs36\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext16 heading 2;}{\s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext16 heading 3;}{\s4\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f5\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\sb340 \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon15\snext18 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \b\f5\fs48\cf7 \sbasedon0\snext15 Heading Base;}{\s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext17 List;}{\s18\sb115\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon16\snext18 Definition;}{\s19 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon20\snext0 toc 3;}{\s20 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 TOC Base;}{\s21\sb60\sa60 \f5\fs22\uldb \sbasedon20\snext0 toc 2;}{\s22\sb240\sa120 \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon20\snext0 toc 1;}{\s23\li720 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon24\snext0 index 3;}{\s24 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Index Base;}{\s25\li360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext0 index 2;}{\s26 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext0 index 1;}{\s27\sb302\sa122 \b\f5\fs22\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext26 index heading;}{\s28\brdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon29\snext28 footer;}{\s29 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext29 Header Base;}{\s30\tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon29\snext30 header;}{\s31\li720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 
Normal Indent;}{\s32\li72\ri72\sb40\sa40 \f5\fs18 \sbasedon16\snext32 TableText;}{\s33\keepn \b\f5\fs48\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext33 TOCTitle;}{\s34\qr\sb242\sa722 \b\f5\fs72\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext34 Title;}{\s35\fi-360\li720\sb100\sl280\slmult1\tx720 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon17\snext35 List Table;}{\s36\sa160\sl280\slmult1\tx360\tx720 \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext16 caption;}{\s37\sa160\sl280\slmult1\tx360\tx720 \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext37 Margin Note;}{\s38\qr\li1440\sb960\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 
\b\f5\fs28\cf7 \sbasedon34\snext38 SuperTitle;}{\s39\qr\sb242\sa722 \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \sbasedon34\snext39 ByLine;}{\s40\li720\sb100\sa40\sl280\slmult1 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon41\snext40 CodeExplained;}{\s41\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext41 
Code Base;}{\s42\li720\sl280\slmult1\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon41\snext42 Source;}{\s43\sb60\sa60\sl280\slmult1\tx360\tx720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext36 
Figures;}{\s44\sb60\sa60\sl280\slmult1\tx360\tx720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon43\snext44 Figures Table;}{\s45\sb80 \f177\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext45 BodyTable;}{\s46\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5 \snext46 slmult1;}{\s47\li72\ri72\sb60 \b\f5\fs48\cf7 \sbasedon15\snext47 
TableHeading;}{\s48\li720\sb115\sl280\slmult1\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon42\snext48 SourceTop;}{\s49\sb180\sa180\sl280\slmult1\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext49 Note;}{\s50\fi-360\li1080\sb100\sl280\slmult1\tx1080 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon57\snext50 List 2 Table;}{\s51\sb180\sa20 \b\f5\cf2 \sbasedon15\snext52 RelatedHead;}{\s52\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb 
\sbasedon67\snext52 Jump;}{\s53\sl-20\slmult1 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext0 TableBorder;}{\s54\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext54 CropMark;}{\s55\tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext55 header even;}{\s56\tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon30\snext56 header odd;}{\s57\fi-360\li1080\sb100\sl280\slmult1\tx1080 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon17\snext57 List 2;}{\s58\qr\sb600\sa1200 \b\f5\cf7 \sbasedon34\snext58 Byline;}{\s59\li2160\ri720 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon19\snext0 toc 4;}{\s60\li800\tqr\tx11160 
\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s61\li1000\tqr\tx11160 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s62\li1200\tqr\tx11160 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s63\li1400\tqr\tx11160 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s64\li1600\tqr\tx11160 \f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 9;}{\*\cs65 \additive\fs16\up6 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s66 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext66 footnote text;}{\s67\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb \sbasedon16\snext67 Jump Base;}{\s68\sb40\sa40\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs22 
\sbasedon16\snext68 GlossaryTerm;}{\s69\sa160\sl280\slmult1\tx360\tx720 \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon36\snext69 CaptionTable;}{\s70\sb20\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \b\f5\fs22\uldb \sbasedon67\snext70 Jump from Contents;}{\s71\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb 
\sbasedon67\snext71 Jump from List;}{\s72\fi-360\li360\sb100\sl280\slmult1{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f5\fs20 \sbasedon16\snext72 Bullets;}{\s73\fi-360\li360\sb100\sl280\slmult1{\*\pn \pnlvl10
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\f5\fs20 \sbasedon72\snext73 numberedlist;}}{\info{\title Qualitas MAX}{\author Becky York}{\operator Becky York}{\creatim\yr1996\mo1\dy29\hr12\min51}{\revtim\yr1996\mo1\dy29\hr12\min55}{\version1}{\edmins1}
{\nofpages1}{\nofwords2022}{\nofchars11527}{\vern49203}}\margl720\margr360\margt360\margb360 \facingp\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\margmirror\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0{\*\template C:\\WINWORD6\\TEMPLATE\\D2H_HELP.dot}
\sectd \sbkodd\linex0\headery101\footery0\colsx0\endnhere {\headerr \trowd \trrh-1080\trleft-360\trkeep \cellx0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx360\cellx10440\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx10800\cellx11160 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 
\b\f5\fs16 \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row \trowd \trleft-360\trkeep \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx0\cellx360\cellx10440\cellx10800\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx11160 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 
\cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row \pard\plain \s30\tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 
\par }{\footerl \pard\plain \s28\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst Page}{\fldrslt 4}} {{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20}}} {\field{\*\fldinst Styleref"1"
}{\fldrslt {\b Error! No text of specified style in document.}}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst Title}{\fldrslt Qualitas MAX}}
\par \trowd \trrh-360\trkeep \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx360\cellx720\cellx10800\cellx11160\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx11520 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row \trowd 
\trrh-720\trkeep \cellx360\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx720\cellx10800\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx11160\cellx11520 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row \pard \sa180 
\par }{\footerr \pard\plain \s28\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720 \f5\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst Title}{\fldrslt Qualitas MAX}}\tab {\field{\*\fldinst Styleref"TOCTitle"}{\fldrslt # $ K Contents}} {{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL
 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20}}} {\field{\*\fldinst Page}{\fldrslt 3}}
\par \trowd \trrh-360\trleft-360\trkeep \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx0\cellx360\cellx10440\cellx10800\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx11160 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row 
\trowd \trrh-720\trleft-360\trkeep \cellx0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx360\cellx10440\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \cellx10800\cellx11160 \pard\plain \s54\intbl\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f5\fs16 \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f5\fs20 \row 
\pard \sa180 
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s33\keepn \b\f5\fs48\cf7 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} HelpContents1}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Help Contents}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Help Contents}}{\fs24  }Contents
\par \pard\plain \s22\sb240\sa120 \b\f5\fs28 Qualitas MAX Setup
\par \pard\plain \s70\sb20\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \b\f5\fs22\uldb Welcome to Qualitas MAX 8{\v WelcometoQualitasMAX8.2}
\par Registration information{\v Registrationinformation.3}
\par MultiConfig{\v MultiConfig.5}
\par Files and locations{\v Filesandlocations.6}
\par Source Directory{\v SourceDirectory.7}
\par Insert Reference Disk{\v InsertReferenceDisk.8}
\par Configuring Qualitas MAX{\v ConfiguringQualitasMAX.9}
\par File modifications{\v Filemodifications.14}
\par Setup completed{\v Setupcompleted.15}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741947}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783240}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} WelcometoQualitasMAX8.2}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Welcome to Qualitas MAX 8}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Welcome to Qualitas MAX 8;Program files;Help}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0000}}{\fs24  }Welcome to Qualitas MAX 8{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741947}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783240}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 This Setup program copies the Qualitas
 MAX program files from the distribution disks to your hard drive. Once the copying is done, Setup asks you a number of questions about how you want Qualitas MAX set up on your system.
\par If you're not ready to proceed now, click the Exit button at the bottom of the Welcome screen.
\par Otherwise, click the Continue button to proceed with the Qualitas MAX setup. Almost all of the screens you see during the setup procedure have an Exit button so that you can abort the setup sequence if you need to.
\par Help is available at any point during setup; just click the Help button displayed in the lower right of the screens.
\par {\uldb Registration information}{\v\uldb Registrationinformation.3}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741948}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783241}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339847637}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876234}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #}
 Registrationinformation.3}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Registration information}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K}
 Registration information;Serial number;Update}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0005}}{\fs24  }Registration information{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741948}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783241}
{\*\bkmkend _Ref339847637}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876234}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 Setup needs to know your name, your company name (if applicable), and your Qualitas MAX serial number. The serial number is located on the product envelope.
\par Note that if the number you enter is for an update (rather than a first install), Setup recognizes it, locates the earlier version of Qualitas MAX on your system, and proceeds accordingly.
\par Once you enter the registration information, click the Continue button to move on. The information you enter here is saved by Qualitas MAX and used to identify your copy of the product. 
\par If you make a mistake entering the information at this registration screen, you have an opportunity to correct it at the confirmation screen.
\par \pard\plain \s51\sb180\sa20 \b\f5\cf2 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s71\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb Registration confirmation{\v Registrationconfirmation.4}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741949}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Registrationconfirmation.4}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Registration confirmation}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Registration confirmation;Confirmation}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +}
 SECTION1:0010}}{\fs24  }Registration confirmation{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741949}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 At the confirmation screen, check to see that the name and serial number information you entered is correct. If you need to make changes, click Change to go back to the preceding registration screen.
\par If the information is correct, click OK.
\par {\uldb MultiConfig}{\v\uldb MultiConfig.5} {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741950}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783242}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876257}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} MultiConfig.5}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} MultiConfig}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} MultiConfig;Multiple configurations;Setup}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 
\b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0015}}{\fs24  }MultiConfig{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741950}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783242}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876257}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 
If you have your system set up with multiple configurations, this screen lists the configuration sections you choose from each time your system boots. The currently booted section is the default, and is most likely the section you want to choose. But you 
have the option of selecting any of the other sections.
\par Click Continue to proceed with the setup.
\par {\uldb Files and locations}{\v\uldb Filesandlocations.6} 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741951}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783243}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876277}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Filesandlocations.6}}{\fs24  }{
\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Files and locations}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K}
 Files and locations;Default directory;Program files;NEW extension;On-line help;DOS help reader}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0020}}{\fs24  }Files and locations{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741951}
{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783243}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876277}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 The Files and Locations screen lets you specify where you want the Qualitas MAX files copied, and which components to copy.
\par {\b Location
\par }The default directory for the program files is C:\\QMAX. That location displays in the "Install to" part of this screen. Typically you will want to accept this default directory, but you can change it here if you need to;
 click in the "Install to:" text box and type in a new directory name.
\par Note that if Setup finds a previous version of 386MAX, BlueMax, or Qualitas MAX on your system, the "Install to" text box is grayed out and simply displays the location of the existing directory. You can't change this location; you {\i must}
 install Qualitas MAX 8 over the older version.
\par {\b Files
\par }The Qualitas MAX files section of this screen gives you the opportunity to install only those parts of the product that you need. Select or deselect your choice by clicking the checkboxes.
\par {\b\i Program files} - You must install these files in order for the program to work.
\par {\b\i On-line help} - The Windows help files are your main source of information about the product. We recommend that you install them unless there is a pressing reason (usually space) not to do so.
\par {\b\i DOS HELP Reader} - The help reader files let you view on-line help when you run Qualitas MAX in DOS rather than in Windows. If you're sure you'll never run Qualitas MAX from DOS, you can save a bit of disk space by deselecting this option.
\par The area below the checkboxes lets you know how much space is required for the files you selected.
\par Click the Back button if you need to go back to the MultiConfig dialog box to make a different selection.
\par Click the Continue button when you're ready for Setup to proceed. The copying process begins.
\par Note that if you have an earlier version of 386MAX, BlueMAX, or Qualitas MAX on your system, Setup first displays a "Backing up\'85" message and copies your earlier version into a subdirectory called OLDMAX.1 located under C:\\QMAX.
\par After backing up any old files, Setup extracts and copies the new files, and displays a meter that lets you know how the copying process is going. It prompts you to insert the second Qualitas MAX disk at the appropriate time with the Source Directory dial
og box.
\par {\uldb Source Directory}{\v\uldb SourceDirectory.7} 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Ref337630548}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783244}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} SourceDirectory.7}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Source Directory}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Source Directory}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0025}}{
\fs24  }Source Directory{\*\bkmkend _Ref337630548}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783244}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 Use this text box to provide Setup with the location of Disk #2. It may be just the name of your disk drive (A: or B:), or it may be a full path to a network location.
\par The default location shown is the location of Disk #1; you can change it if you need to.
\par {\uldb Insert Reference Disk}{\v\uldb InsertReferenceDisk.8}
\par {\uldb Configuring Qualitas MAX }{\v\uldb ConfiguringQualitasMAX.9} 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Ref347553003}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} InsertReferenceDisk.8}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Insert Reference Disk}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Insert Reference Disk}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0030}}{\fs24  
}Insert Reference Disk{\*\bkmkend _Ref347553003}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 If Setup determines that you have a Microchannel system, you will need to provide a working copy of your system's Reference Disk.  Enter the drive and path of the Reference Disk in the space provided.
\par Setup uses information from the Reference Diskette to identify, protect, and if necessary, reorganize adapter RAM and ROM in order to provide the maximum amount of high DOS memory.
\par Although you may continue without the Reference Diskette, we strongly recommend that you insert the working copy and press OK so that Setup is able to gather the necessary information to optimize your system configuration.
\par {\uldb Configuring Qualitas MAX }{\v\uldb ConfiguringQualitasMAX.9}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741952}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339268468}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783245}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876310}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref347553047}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 #} ConfiguringQualitasMAX.9}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Configuring Qualitas MAX}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K}
 Configuring Qualitas MAX;Configure MAX;Windows options;MAX profile options;Qualitas Memory Tester}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0035}}{\fs24  }Configuring Qualitas MAX
{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741952}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339268468}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783245}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876310}{\*\bkmkend _Ref347553047} 
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 Once the files are copied, the Configure MAX dialog box gives you the opportunity to choose some options that affect the way Qualitas MAX runs on your system. 
\par The {\b Windows options} affect two Qualitas utilities that can load when you load Windows.
\par The {\b MAX profile options} affect the way Qualitas MAX itself handles certain parts of your system's memory.
\par You also can choose to run the {\b Qualitas Memory Tester }each time your system boots.
\par \pard\plain \s51\sb180\sa20 \b\f5\cf2 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741953}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876395}Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s71\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb Windows options{\v Windowsoptions.10}
\par MAX profile options{\v MAXprofileoptions.11}
\par Run QMT on bootup{\v RunQMTonbootup.12}
\par When you click Continue{\v WhenyouclickContinue.13}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Windowsoptions.10}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Windows options}}{\fs24  }{
\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Windows options;Go Ahead;Low DOS;Setup;On-line help;MAXmeter;GDI memory;User memory}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +}
 SECTION1:0040}}{\fs24  }Windows options{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741953}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876395}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 {\b Enable Go Ahead - }
Go Ahead is a RAM-enhancing feature that takes control of low DOS (the first 640 KB) and allocates it more efficiently. As a practical matter, this means you can open more applications. When this checkbox is selected (the default), Setup adds Go Ahead to 
your Startup group; thereafter Go Ahead loads and runs minimized each time you start your computer. 
\par If you decide later that you don't want Go Ahead loading automatically, you can disable it at any time using the Qualitas Toolbox. 
\par Once Setup is completed, see the on-line help for more about Go Ahead. 
\par {\b Enable MAXmeter -}
 MAXmeter is a single-line display that reports the date, the time, the total memory in your system, available GDI memory, available user memory, and available low DOS memory. When this checkbox is selected (the default), Setup adds MAXmeter to your Start
up group so that it loads each time you start your computer.
\par Typically you will want to check this box; if you decide later you don't want MAXmeter displayed on your Windows screen, you can disable it at any time using the Qualitas Toolbox.
\par Once Setup is completed, see the on-line help for information about configuring MAXmeter. 
\par {\uldb MAX profile options}{\v\uldb MAXprofileoptions.11} 
\par {\uldb Run QMT on bootup}{\v\uldb RunQMTonbootup.12}
\par {\uldb When you click Continue}{\v\uldb WhenyouclickContinue.13} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741954}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339268519}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339268669}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876336}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #}
 MAXprofileoptions.11}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} MAX profile options}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K}
 MAX profile options;386MAX.PRO;MDA;monochrome display area;Setup;Program files;EMS;Expanded memory}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0045}}{\fs24  }MAX profile options{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741954}
{\*\bkmkend _Ref339268519}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339268669}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876336}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 The options you choose here ar
e written to your 386MAX.PRO file, a file similar to an .INI file that stores information about the way Qualitas MAX is set up on your system. Changes to the lines in the PRO file change the way Qualitas MAX operates, in the same way command line switches
 change a program's behavior. 
\par {\b Use MDA} - The monochrome display area (MDA) is a section of your system memory reserved for use by a monochrome monitor. If you have a color monitor, this area of memory doesn't need to be reserved, and Qualitas MAX can reclai
m it for use by your applications. 
\par After Setup copies the program files, it checks your system's video to determine if it's safe to reclaim the MDA. If it is, Setup selects this checkbox for you. If the box isn't selected, our recommendation is that you leave it unchecked for now.{\b 

\par Enable EMS }- If Setup detects EMS (expanded memory) support on your system, this box is selected.
\par {\uldb Windows options}{\v\uldb Windowsoptions.10}
\par {\uldb {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741955}Run QMT on bootup}{\v\uldb RunQMTonbootup.12}
\par {\uldb {\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876355}When you click Continue}{\v\uldb WhenyouclickContinue.13} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} RunQMTonbootup.12}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Run QMT on bootup}}{\fs24  }
{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Run QMT on bootup;Qualitas Memory Tester}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0050}}{\fs24  }Run QMT on bootup
{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741955}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876355}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 QMT (Qualitas Memory Tester) can check your system's RAM and alert you to potential problems. If you select this box, QMT runs each time your computer boots; the process typically takes less than a minute.

\par If you prefer not to have QMT run every time you boot, you can run it from DOS at any time by going into the QMAX directory, typing QMT, and pressing Enter.
\par {\uldb {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741956}Windows options}{\v\uldb Windowsoptions.10}
\par {\uldb MAX profile options}{\v\uldb MAXprofileoptions.11} 
\par {\uldb {\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876367}When you click Continue}{\v\uldb WhenyouclickContinue.13} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} WhenyouclickContinue.13}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $}
 When you click Continue}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} When you click Continue;Configure MAX;STRIPMGR;File modifications}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0055}}{\fs24  }When you click Continue{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741956}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876367}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 When you click Continue at the Configure MAX screen, a couple of things happen.
\par Setup creates a {\uldb Qualitas MAX program group}{\v\uldb Qualitasprogramgroup.18} and fills it with a number of icons.
\par It switches to DOS and runs a utility called STRIPMGR that cleans out any existing memory managers (including earlier versions of our product).
\par Setup reappears, displaying the File Modifications dialog box.
\par {\uldb File modifications}{\v\uldb Filemodifications.14}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741957}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783246}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876490}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Filemodifications.14}}{\fs24  }{
\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} File modifications}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K}
 File modifications;Configure MAX;Setup;View Changes;CONFIG.SYS;SYSTEM.INI;WIN.INI;NEW extension}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0060}}{\fs24  }File modifications{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741957}
{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783246}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876490}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 After you've made your selections at the Configure MAX screen and clicked Contin
ue, Setup creates certain files, and gets ready to make changes to some of your system files. The full path name of the files that are about to be changed are listed in the View Changes box here on the File Modifications dialog box; they may include the f
ollowing files:
\par \tab CONFIG.SYS
\par \tab SYSTEM.INI
\par \tab WIN.INI
\par \tab 386MAX.PRO\tab 
\par Double-click on the file name in the View Changes box to look at the proposed changes for each file.
\par The default is to let Setup make these changes automatically. If you prefer not to do this, tell Setup to leave your system files unchanged; it will save the new versions of the files to the QMAX directory with file names ending in .ADD. 
\par Note that if you choose this latter option, the Qualitas MAX files will be on your hard drive, but they won't be doing anything, since the necessary changes will not have been made to your system files.
\par Click Continue to proceed with the setup.
\par {\uldb Setup completed}{\v\uldb Setupcompleted.15}
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f5\fs36\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741958}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc339783247}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref339876503}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Setupcompleted.15}}{\fs24  }{
\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Setup completed}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Setup completed}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 
\b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0065}}{\fs24  }Setup completed{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741958}{\*\bkmkend _Toc339783247}{\*\bkmkend _Ref339876503}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 
Once the Qualitas MAX files have been copied to your hard drive, Setup displays the Setup Completed dialog box and invites you to reboot or run Maximize (depending upon whether this was a first-time install or an upgrade).
\par \pard\plain \s51\sb180\sa20 \b\f5\cf2 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s71\sa60\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20\uldb Would you like to reboot now?{\v Wouldyouliketorebootnow..16}
\par Would you like to run Maximize now?{\v WouldyouliketorunMaximizenow..17}
\par Qualitas MAX program group{\v Qualitasprogramgroup.18}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 \page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Wouldyouliketorebootnow..16}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 $}
 Would you like to reboot now?}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Would you like to reboot now?}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0070}}{\fs24  }
Would you like to reboot now?
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 The Setup Completed dialog box advises you to reboot your computer in order to enable Qualitas MAX.  You must reboot at this time in order to enable your new installation of Qualitas MAX.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc336741959}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} WouldyouliketorunMaximizenow..17}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Would you like to run Maximize now?}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Would you like to run Maximize now?;Maximize}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0075}}{\fs24  }Would you like to run Maximize now?{\*\bkmkend _Toc336741959}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 
The Setup Completed dialog box gives you the opportunity to run Maximize. We recommend that you answer Yes to this question by clicking the Maximize button. Setup moves directly into a three-phase maximizing procedure.
\par If you don't want to run Maximize now, click Exit. Be sure to reboot your computer so that the changes made to your various system files can take effect. If you choose this option, keep in mind that although your system files have been changed, your syste
m has not been maximized. That means nothing will be loaded high when you start your computer, and no additional memory has been freed up yet.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb340\keepn \b\f5\fs28\cf7 {\*\bkmkstart _Ref337796103}\page {\cs65\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 #} Qualitasprogramgroup.18}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {
\cs65\fs16\up6 $} Qualitas program group}}{\fs24  }{\cs65\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 K} Qualitas program group;Setup;MAXHELP;Toolbox;MAXedit;MAXmeter;Go Ahead;Low DOS;Maximize;QPIF Editor;DOSMAX}}{\fs24  }{
\cs65\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s66 \b\f5\fs20 {\cs65\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0080}}{\fs24  }Qualitas MAX program group{\*\bkmkend _Ref337796103}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb100\sl280\slmult1 \f5\fs20 Setup has added a QUALITAS MAX program group to your Windows Program Manager. It contains these icons:
\par {\b Setup} - the program you're running now. You can run it again at any time, to make changes to the way Qualitas MAX is installed on your computer.
\par {\b MAX Help} - clicking on this icon brings up the main Qualitas MAX on-line documentation.
\par {\b README }- clicking on this icon brings up a text file of late-breaking technical information (compatibility notes, network information, etc.).
\par {\b Toolbox} - the "control panel" that lets you change your Qualitas MAX configuration.
\par {\b MAXedit} - a Windows-based text editor that lets you edit your system files.
\par {\b MAXmeter -} a Qualitas MAX utility that displays a one-line bar on your Windows screen to keep you posted on the availability of system resources. 
\par {\b Go Ahead - }a RAM-enhancing feature that takes control of low DOS (the first 640 KB) and allocates it more efficiently. 
\par {\b Maximize} - the core component of Qualitas MAX that determines where your device drivers and memory-resident programs should be loaded in order to make as much memory as possible available for your applications.
\par {\b Qualitas PIF Editor} - a special PIF editor, optimized for use with Qualitas MAX, that lets you create the PIFs necessary to start your DOS programs from Windows Program Manager.
\par {\b DOSMAX Fullscreen} - Clicking on this icon gives you a full-screen DOS window with as much available memory as possible.
\par {\b DOSMAX Windowed} - Clicking on this icon gives you a windowed DOS window as much available memory as possible.
\par See the main on-line help for more about each of these Qualitas MAX components.
\par }